I've had enough with the news this
information that you need to see right
here there's no gatekeeping I'm not
bringing you information that is all
fluff you're going to get what you need
to know the very first thing is what's
happening in the stock market today
we've gone into levels that we should
not be at we got to tread lightly second
thing is about the economy but I'm also
going to give you where you should be
putting your money you as an investor
you as a business owner these are the
things you've got to pay attention to
I'm going to break this all down right
here right now let's begin first things
first you can look at it recessions
reverse accesses and so you'll see in
this chart right here it measures the
cumulative change in the S P 500
compared to corporate profits we find
that when investors pay more than one
dollar for one dollar worth of profits
those excesses are reversed this chart
goes back all the way to 1955 and that
is a fact you can't get around this do
you see this chart I love this resource
real investment advice I interviewed
Lance Roberts a little while back
this is some really good stuff they're
very well balanced publication so you
can see it one dollar for one dollar if
you pay more for that then ultimately
things change there is a reversion to
the mean people don't like to hear that
but that's what we get now the profits
could come up considerably or we could
have the markets trade sideways until
that does happen because of inflation or
markets can come down a bit and so the
this is where we are at right now it's
not just profits of course but look at
what happens with calls calls are bets
that the market will go up all right and
so we have puts which is the exact
opposite bets that the market will come
down but here you could see it for
yourself U.S call volume has exploded
this year and so usually the market is
the exact opposite of what it should be
and so when everybody's piling in into
the calls it's usually going to go the
other direction that doesn't mean it's a
crash that it's some sort of recession
no no what it means is that the the
trade is too crowded at this time and so
the smart investors start looking at
that and they start put putting
positions that are going for the
opposite direction and it's the same in
the other way people everybody's saying
oh my goodness it's the end of the world
I'm gonna buy puts I'm gonna do this and
usually it ends up in the opposite
direction doesn't happen overnight it
doesn't happen when you think it would
happen but that's what goes on so we
have these two factors right here
profits as well as the bets that are
happening options are something that we
can look at to be able to determine
what's going on now I want to talk about
the economy I think it's extremely
important that we look at these factors
on a global level first things first in
the U.S extending the job growth Street
week even as the economy cools employers
added 187
000 workers in July that's a slower Pace
from the recent Norm but more
sustainable that is true and in fact I
mean coming out of 2020 obviously you're
not going to see those numbers but when
you take out the seasonal adjustments
when you actually look at it you know
you got so many temporary employees
you've got people that are working two
three four jobs there's a lot of ways
that this is skewed clearly it's not
where people want to be but this is
what's happening with the US it is a
very mixed bag when you look at it for
instance just in the manufacturing okay
there's supposedly all these factories
going to be built but how is industrial
production right now actually it's not
very good it's weakening and the
long-term sentiment here is that you
don't really want to build inside the us
because job growth keeps going up I just
heard today that because of the
negotiations with UPS the belief is that
they're going to be on average the
average UPS worker is going to make six
figures a year fantastic for the UPS
worker but what does that do to the
prices of shipping of course it
increases it you're going to have to pay
more to have that box shipped simply
because you're paying the employees more
and that's the way it works the customer
pays all right or you squeeze those
profit margins if you squeeze the profit
margins down the stock starts taking a
hit and they lay people off
do you see what happens here you there
has to be a balance that's why I'm
bringing you all these details do you
see where I'm going this is so valuable
this information if you do agree hit
that like button down below let's get
into more I've got it it's huge big
stuff okay Canada's economy sheds jobs
oh but wage growth stays high and what
they're saying here is that they're
going to need to increase interest rates
again so Canada's real estate heavily
reliant on interest rates to remain low
and yet it's been high for quite some
time so we'll see what happens and how
long they can continue this for so it's
funny because they were talking about
the European economy well you know it's
chugging along it's doing kind of well
but if excluding France and Ireland GDP
growth would have only been
0.04 quarter over quarter or zero to one
decimal place if you go down a few a
quote without Ireland growth would have
been halved looking through the most
volatile components we argue that the
economy has remained broadly stagnant of
course inflation is way too high nobody
wants to do business in Europe let's be
honest who would want to do business in
Europe I tried to do a little bit of
business in Europe
um and in my personal experience with
that dealing with all of the red tape oh
my goodness
I mean there's there is potential I'm
not saying there's not potential but are
you gonna you know try to expand there
really really are you or are you going
to try to expand in other places that
are just much less regulation it's more
open growth potential is much higher oh
if I want to invest somewhere do I want
something that could be good you know
it's all right I'm going based on
historical context or do I want
something that looks real good over the
next two five and ten years I mean if
you're going to build a business if
you're going to invest you want to do
that longer term
that's just the way I see it look at the
state of poverty in Europe obviously it
varies depending on the area but the EU
average 2020 is
21.6 the share of people at risk of
poverty or social inclusion this from
the data comes from of course 2022
pulling last year's data
um showing us that overall Europe is
really in a bad spot now youth
unemployment might be an issue in one
place you might have demographics issues
like um in Italy I just spoke to a
gentleman from Italy who lives in Canada
saying unfortunately Italy not in a good
space all the young people are moving
out they're going to get jobs elsewhere
aging population
economy is just suffering considerably
and will be for the foreseeable future
and so that's just one that's just one
economy so I mean how they gonna fix
this it's not easy let me tell you
German is Germany's great economy
sinking into slow session I love that
word the slow session uh but here we go
just another example and what I want to
highlight right now is quite frankly
that all of this it's just the news it's
just the news it's just information what
are you gonna do about it are you going
to simply just say ah you know what I'm
going to become placing I'm going to
dollar cost average because that's what
Graham Stefan said to do well you can do
that if you'd like you know it's totally
up to you but if you actually want to be
able to accelerate what you're doing
well you just got to pay attention in
this video I'll show you that and then
we're going to go into some other stuff
after you've got to be in the game
you've got to be aware of these things
okay if you're not looking if you're
investing in the stock market but you're
not looking at liquidity what I call the
money mirror method if you're not into
that how are you ever going to learn
about these things I mean it is just
like
doing a blindfolded right but the
economy business but even as an investor
you want to know right if there is a
recession if we are in a slow growth
kind of environment where do I want to
put my money I'll show you
this is just talking about Japan okay
same situation
um they've got a problem
fundamentally demographics all kinds of
things this is just showing us the
public debt to GDP ratio so all the
countries when you look at it I think
there is a big concern where they can't
get their stuff in order they're not
going to get their stuff in order we
know that and so over time we are
looking at more and more and more
um weakness essentially because the debt
will considerably
um weigh them down look economy after
economy you don't need to see all of
this but the point is what we can notice
is that the more debt the initial growth
is there but you've got to pay the price
you got to pay the price and so of
course people are are not really
understanding how devastating this is in
the long term so here we go you want to
know recession you stated to this point
here recession recession recession or
maybe it's just slower growth right
maybe that's all that it's going to be
it's the slow session so I pulled this
up for you guys what categories are
consumers avoiding during a recession so
here we go what are people going to do
base this is based on a survey but you
you'll get the general Trend here
fun and impulse purchases that's what
they're going to cut first dining out
restaurants bars they're going to cut
that holiday related expenses leisure
travel
in-person entertainment movies concerts
and so on then it goes down streaming
stuff like Netflix subscriptions like
meal kits and food delivery personal
care services clothing accessories and
so on so I think you get the point here
is that if somebody doesn't need it if
it's not a requirement they're going to
start cutting that out
the fun stuff they can start cutting
that out some would say for instance
with Cosmetics there's there's been you
know the uh studies done before
that maybe somebody can't go on a lavish
vacation but they might buy some
Cosmetics because for I don't know how
much it would cost but let's say ten
dollars twenty dollars or whatever it is
they can make themselves feel good at
least for a little while so there are
some things to balance here in this
article it basically just gets into more
things what products should you be
selling but think of it not just as a
seller not just in e-commerce or retail
think of it like
um you know just in the example of um an
investor because these are companies
that sell these products to people
example food and grocery may be certain
types of food and grocery are not
required or what have you bought food
people need to eat right I mean as a
matter of fact Personal Care items of
course that's why Warren Buffett likes
to invest in certain companies Johnson
and Johnson maybe they'll look at you
know these staples kind of companies
because they're providing all kinds of
different products that people use in
their household toothpaste and so on
they give an example here okay and so
these are important stuff right like
these are searches through Amazon but
the point is
people need these things household
cleaning supplies and so on okay pet
care products despite actually you'd be
surprised pet care products did well
during the last recession during uh 2008
I should say
clothing depending it really depends as
they say right here men's t-shirts so a
man might buy T-shirts but they may not
you know buy themselves a tuxedo let's
say right baby products of course
um I I certainly didn't believe that
they will continue to buy these certain
things but maybe they go instead of for
the best top of the line they look for a
more value purchase so that's where
we're at I hope that was valuable to you
think of those things I talk about it
all the time I give you the example 100
times of Tupperware Tupperware is the
type of product you do buy you buy it
during a recession you buy it when times
are good and everything in between but
the Tupperware you buy once you save
money over a long period of time now
Tupperware happened to become a meme
stock totally random but anyway maybe
they were listening to the money GPS no
but this is important okay so the the
things you invest in are extremely
I need to be extremely uh resilient
during tough times so even if we don't
head into a you know depression or
recession some sort of uh you know
terrible event
if we experience slow growth you still
want to have your money in these places
that will do well that can take that
margin squeeze when they have to pay
their employees more and all these
different things and you know I just
want you to know that this isn't the
only place
um when you look around the YouTube
videos you can actually get a hold of me
directly this is all through Discord and
that allows us to communicate directly
as well as nearly 1 000 like-minded
individuals who are there in the Discord
every day I want to see you in there and
I want you to say hi say hi and I will
be there to say hi right back we can
discuss anything you would like to go to
the link in the description hit that
Discord and I'll see you there